what are you guys
doing reload oh they had a
headache imagine
if imagine got this carried
aspirin I just seen them s with a head
droop down after the synaptic backlash
the most random thing I've heard
today oh it cracks me up I don't know
why I just visualized the tun it had its
poor head down it looked really ill it
like it had a really bad headache and I
just imagined it pulling out a little
aspin with his claws and eat
it [__]
sake are we dropping down there or what
are we waiting for we can do oh yeah
we're just wait wait for the
wave might be like easier to defend the
wave at top here they jump
and well we've already gone down to cuz
we just are not try
Harding me
no I didn't read the Codex starties I
might have skipped through a few pages
unfortunately I think that's what ASM
tend to
do not F tends to
do there's no suppor action